hello this is mr. conductor fan 1406
here with another review but before I
get into detail on the review I want to
go over a few updates for one if you
didn't already see my Flying Scotsman
review then let me just say that I got a
new desk a few weeks ago and so this is
where I'm going to be doing all of my
reviews from this point on but if you
look at my desk now you may notice a few
differences than the one that you saw in
The Scotsman overview besides just
relocating a few VHS ha's you can see
those differences but also I added this
nice sort of centerpiece here it says
mr. conductor here or mr. conductor fan
here and here and I have wooden railway
pamphlet and a take and play pamphlet
here and also all along the top of the
VHS is there are character cards from
wooden railway and these are also take
along and there's one Errol George from
here I think it's around 96 now onto the
review say hello to Ned the steam shovel
this model of Ned is I think it's a 2006
taken plane model or sorry I take along
model and sorry the difference between
take along and taking place you know
already
in 2009 they renamed it taken taken play
from take alone so that's just the
difference but this is a take along of
Ned Ned is a really large steam shovel
who works for the pack or it works for
miss Jenny he's in the pack any oh he
just does odd jobs wherever the package
he has this really sort of a know his
likeness and he's not exactly the one of
the brightest people so he has you know
stereotypical kind of do fit sorry
stereotypical kind of doofus voice but
he's not a doofus he's a really you know
he's good-hearted but he's kind of a
kind of a knucklehead aside from his
personalities this version of Ned is
very nice the only other Ned model that
I can think of is a track master I think
there was a track master but aside from
that you know he's not the most common
of characters also you may have noticed
well I got him I put up his character
card
so the takin play take along character
card is right here and this is sorry
this is something else that I've noticed
if you saw um Thomas wooden railways
discussion on on his wooden Elizabeth
you'll know that his character card was
very unusual usual and I had like ten
different languages that is something
that happened on mine and character card
to I don't know what it was but it had
like ten different languages including
English but none of the other take along
character cards I saw ever had that
which is kind of weird the early down
psychic Ike that I can see of this model
isn't really that in the models fault
but um the fact that it's a take along
means that it will be slightly smaller
but I wish that this model was bigger
because in the television show Ned is a
really biggest evil like he's bigger
than Oliver and I don't mean the Great
Western tankage and I mean that
excavator he's bigger than Oliver he's
huge and I always imagined when I was
younger that Ned would be like if wooden
really ever came up with Ned Ned would
be like the size of the VHS back there
except slanted this way
but you know here he is kind of small
and although he may look nice to some
other I don't know take a long or aryl
next to a wooden railway model
he just looks really small I don't know
like in the TV show he would have been
like twice this size but not here
my overall rating of this would be uh
pretty pretty good you know like I said
the one flaw but aside from the one flaw
it's a really nice model and if you're a
take along collector taking play
whatever this is definitely one of the
more rare ones it's probably up there
with like take along Mike and you know
maybe D $1.99 but this character is very
rare and very hard to find I actually
got him for a very decent price with his
character card a few months ago for
about ten dollars it was a UK seller so
I think it was about two laws but I'm
not sure about United Kingdom money so
but still it's nice model and he's not
the most important of characters as he
only appeared in like four or five ish
episodes but aside from that you know if
you have them that's a good thing but if
you don't you know you don't need to
rush out to the eBay to get him
immediately and of course compared to
the Trackmaster model I think this is
the better of the two although of course
that one gets the sizes right however
this is still a very nice model and I
guess I would recommend it
so in conclusion nice model not a
central he also has this little scooper
because he's a steam shovel and you know
that's about it the detailing is nice
the wheels I especially like he has his
name you know all that good stuff so
yeah he's a nice model
and yeah this is mr. conductor fan 1406
signing out see you in my next video bye